# DeepCodeSet
Identify major logical steps. Then, add a logical step comment corresponding to the logical step. The logical steps and corresponding comments should describe the logical steps of the overall algorithm implemented in the code. The comment should describe the logical step.

## Logical Steps
Logical steps are meaningful, higher-level steps in the overall solution/algorithm implemented by the code. The logical step should be something very high level and link the code to the story/real-world application at a very high level. It should be a concise and one sentence in size referring mostly to objects and relations of the domain/problem being solved. Cross-references/usage of concepts from the ‘program model’, i.e., implementation, should be avoided or kept at a minimum when describing a logical step. It is not necessary to describe in detail how the step is being implemented but simply indicate the meaningfulpurpose/functionality of each code chunk in the context of the overall goal/purpose of the code

## Logical step details
 Logical step details are meant to link the higher level logical step to how the step is actually carried out in the code. That is, the logical step links the code to the story/real-world problem at a very high level whereasthe logical_step_details provides details about how the logical step is being carried out in computer code. 
 
## Statement level comments
Statement level comments for individual statements refer to the newly introduced topic and emphasize the elements of the statement that are directly related to the newly introduced concept.Statement level comments refer more to the ‘program model’, i.e., implementation details describing key aspects of thenew concept. The statement level comment  should not necessarily be about the general functionof the statement but rather focus on the parts related to the new concept. For instance, if the topic isarrays, parts of a for loop that do not refer to arrays should not be explained in detail in a statement level comment.

After the statement comment, one or more scaffolding questions should be added and the corresponding answers. The questions are supposed to elicit responses about the important aspects of the target topic/concept that are present in the corresponding line of code.  In a typical case, there should be one question which should elicit the statement level comment as an answer. If the statement comment has more than one important aspect related to the target topic/concept then more than one question may be necessary, in general, thereshould be one question per each important aspect. Similarly, if there is more than one construct in the line ofcode referring to the target concept/topic then more than one question and answer may be necessary.

## How does logical step detail and statment level comment differ?
The goal of the logical step details comments and related questions is to guide students to articulate the logical steps whereas statement level comments serve the goal of making students focus and understand any element/aspect of the topic/concept of focus.

Statement level comment is about a statement which is part of some logical step. The logical step questions may ask about this statement through one of the questions associated with a logical step, which is perfectly fine. To avoid redundancy and to follow the guidelines for a statement level comment, the general principle to be followed is to focus the questions associated with a logical step on the general substeps (the entire statement corresponding to a statement comment may be such a substep) and the questions associated with a statement level commentshould focus on the aspects/elements of the statement that refer to the new concept/topic. A question about what the overall statement does may be used in the latter case in which case a similar question may or maynot be used in the logical step questions (redundancy cannot hurt, but may be annoying to some students -dynamically and user-adaptively asking the questions may mitigate this issue).
